Add support for `append` mode for Azure Blob Storage (#865)
RaRe-Technologies/smart_open: README.rst

    kwargs = {'metadata': {'version': 2}}
    fout = open('azure://container/key', 'wb', transport_params={'blob_kwargs': kwargs})

> ``smart_open`` also supports append mode (``mode="ab"``) for Azure Blob Storage using `Append Blobs <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/understanding-block-blobs--append-blobs--and-page-blobs#about-append-blobs>`__. Note that the blob must have been created as an Append Blob and is subject to a maximum size of 195 GiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Azure, ``smart_open`` also supports append mode (``mode="ab"``) by creating new (or appending to existing) `Append Blobs <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/understanding-block-blobs--append-blobs--and-page-blobs#about-append-blobs>`__ (max 195 GiB).
```
